#  Theme Resource Directory


This theme project uses the Gulp task-runner as a build system to compile a production ready distribution.

While the setup builds upon a production ready closed standalone static application it can also generate a Plone deployment build and provide a development environment for Plone integration via Diazo transform engine and integration via *plone.app.theming*.

**Note:** the best way to develop this theme is by using a local proxy server inside a docker container.


## Documentation


## Available Build Commands

### build (Build production ready distribution)

Regenerates the /dist/ directory with compiled and minified CSS and JavaScript files and builds the index files via Jekyll task. Includes revved css and js resources for cache busting optimized for page speed and performance.

**Note**: this task should ideally only be run prior to pushing and deploying changes to the production server and is not suitable for development use since it might require extensive processing time.

```bash
$ gulp build
```

### dist (Build production ready distribution)

Builds theme style and script dependencies with cache busting parameters for production deployment

**Note**: this task does not rebuild the whole theme distribution like the corresponding grunt task did, since most of the time we only care for updated styles and javascript resources. Therefore the dist task only adds updated assets with cache busting parameters.

```bash
$ gulp dist
$ (alias) gulp build:dist
```


## Troubleshooting

Should you encounter problems with installing dependencies or running build commands, first delete the /node_modules/ directory generated by npm and then, rerun npm install.
